Move all of this to its own repo
Set up import to only import a single file
reorganize the server to have two servers (test and live)
set up front end to have two front ends (test and live)

Can't edit comments!
show what percent of pages have been checked
telegraph that things are loading (projects, todos, comments)
modals should be stretchaable.
merge todos so all their comments join together
-on edit page have a MERGE option and that pulls up a list of all todos on that project
-choose which one to keep resolved or if either or if both are resolved
create a second row for projects and put, delete, stats, edit, etc all on that row. On click just change the color.
-probably the same for todos
Something to make comments stand out? Maybe this won't be an issue once todos also have the side border
Some kind of cool slide out animation when you click on collaborator
user settings aren't saving
user setting to only see assigned to me (doesn't display projects you don't have at least one todo or comment assigned to you)
-possibly 3 options where one is strict, only your stuff, one list not, shows assigned to you AND assigned to noone, and then one is show all
show people's images of who its assigned to on second line of todos
-remove background color if it's assigned to you. Looks like crap.
show number of todos when projects collapsed (resolved and not)
show number of comments when todo is collapsed (resolved and not)
add in comment resolving
add in project resolving on both a course level and a page level
-this will make projects look IDENTICAL to todos, so may need some way to distinguish them (different left border color?)
allow for some formatting in comments, at the very least hyperlinks.
comments on comments etc (most people call these replies...)
collapse all button for project level and course level

don't actually delete anything, but add a delete on date to items. Server then checks to see if it's after that date and then really deletes it. This way you can restore projects, todos, comments, etc.
-only pull projects, todos, comments where delete date is null
also need to make it "harder" to delete. add a confirmation or slider or something to really delete it. Click delete, icon changes to confirm button which disappears after 5 seconds, or something.

When not in a course, pull up list of all courses where you have unresolved todos.
-save the last page you were working on in that course

navigate to next unresolved page with that todo item
on modules page, click on todo item and show which pages are still unfinished
maybe make it so you can interact with the page while adding a comment? (don't have black background thing)

be able to stretch the menu
keep track of if you've seen a comment
see unread comments
comments on moduels page link to that page
highlight pieces of the page and link them to a comment AND highlight first but then have to leave a comment to save it
due date / goal date (figure out wording)


project level comments?
link pages? say you've got a copy of a page you're working on, create a list of linked pages on the project level where anything form one would save to the other.

Need an all option for page types...





LATER
Save named formattings for page so you can highlight text and apply it.
-IE grab a header and click header and it'll auto apply. Or grab a foot note and click foot note.

REALLY COOL: if we could somehow check what videos are playing, link a comment to a time stamp, and click a play button in the comment to play that video at that time.

